DOC-2578: Enhanced accessibility checker UI to display affected content (#3541)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/7.6.0-release-notes.adoc

**Accessibility Checker** Premium plugin includes the following fixes and improvements.

==== Add detailed issue description to accessibility checker
// #TINY-11462

> An issue was identified where users who use screen readers did not get a satisfactory indicator of the current content. This could have potentially caused users to get confused or lost when using the accessibility checker.
> 
> In {productname} {release-version}, this has been addressed by introducing a new section that displays the content type and a snippet of the content. This improvement ensures better context and presentation of the current content and its accessibility issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An issue was identified where users relying on screen readers did not receive adequate indicators of the current content. This lack of context could lead to confusion or difficulty navigating the accessibility checker.

In {productname} {release-version}, a new section has been introduced to address this issue. This section displays the content type and provides a snippet of the content, improving context and enhancing the user experience for those utilizing screen readers. This update ensures better navigation and presentation of the current content and its associated accessibility issues.

```
